when I was really young, I was a really good student. I did all my homework.
I was basically straight a student up until I got into high school.
Um, after I joined high school, I didn't really have a good relationship
with my father. So I kind of fell off the fill out the loop.
I think, Ah, freshman, my freshman scores was like a 3.8. Then
my sophomore year. It was like a 3.5. And then it just like, uh after
I moved from Michigan to California and I didn't know anyone and,
you know, like, that's when I started with my dad. I just like, never
wants to stay home. So it just fell off the off the rails eso. After
I joined the Navy, I started becoming a much better student. We joined
the Nuclear Propulsion School, and they really, uh, intensely
grill you every single day, so that then I shot back up to being a perfect
student. At that time,